Dear HR,

I came to know about Dealfront through LinkedIn and read enough on the website and other forums about the work culture, the type of work Dealfront is doing and the way Dealfront strives to create a diverse work environment. I could not but wait in awe to get an opportunity someday to be a part of this interesting organisation. Recently I came across this profile for a Mid Backend Engineer that matches my experience to a tee.

I am currently working as Senior Software Developer in ThoughtWorks Technologies and am actively involved in gap analysis, solution design, requirements refinement, Implementation and continuous improvement with the extensive use of tools, ensuring code quality and improving automation test coverage, onboarding new team members and communicating the project status to all the relevant stakeholders within the project. I have been managing my daily task as a Backend Developer & interacting with stakeholders from project such as McKinsey on a daily basis.

I define myself as a self-motivated individual who always looks for opportunities to work on challenging tasks. I am an individual contributor and also a team player. I am a complete finisher having a sense of accountability, inquisitiveness and a hands-on approach. I believe in taking my team along by appreciating, inspiring them, sharing my learning with them. I have documented some of my learning in Medium blogs. Apart from my daily project work, I have been participating and volunteering in organisation-level events like technical series, architecture kata competitions, recruitment initiatives and internal trainings. When I'm not working I enjoy cooking, my Family, Friends call me ''Best Cook Ever'', speciality in Maharastrian, North as well south Indian dishes, good hand in continental dishses & learning Europena cusines these days. I like gardening, spending time in farms, long walk and watching online television series.

I am looking for a job opportunity in Poland. I have been working in ThoughtWork past 10+ years in one company throughout my IT Journey. I am ready to explore new opportunities & interested to work in Poland. The most important purpose I'm looking for job opportunities abroad specifically in Poland is to join my family (Spouse). My husband is situated in Poland (working). He holds a Blue card (additional benefit) staying in Poland for the past 6+ years. I will be always thankful for considering my job application. In this way, I will join my family in Poland & work as well. This is the opportunity I have been seeking for a long time. I shall be thankful & grateful to join the Dealfront Family.

I would be delighted to work with an organisation that helps businesses to grow. I see myself as a natural addition to the existing team of Dealfront. I see myself as someone who can integrate into the system seamlessly and start adding value with the right mix of my business and IT background, relevant reporting and systems improvement experience from the word go. I feel very excited about this position since it will give me avenues to explore a new world of Dealfront and take pride to rub shoulders with its world-class team.

I am attaching my CV for your kind perusal in order that you can familiarize yourself with my credentials and previous experience. I really look forward to embark on a new journey for an exceptional career with Dealfront  and I am just a call away to discuss more about how the possibility of our association could be explored further. If believing in data is wrong, then I want to be right. I believe the rest the Hopper team feels the same and that’s just one of the reasons I would be the perfect hire for your development team.

Sincerely,
Kavita Jadhav